Collection of One-Liners
                                
                                Programmers get overlaid.
                                
                                People with narrow minds usually have broad 
                                tongues.
                                
                                If practice makes perfect, and nobody's 
                                perfect, why practice?
                                
                                He who laughs last didn't get the joke.
                                
                                Digital circuits are made from analog parts.
                                
                                He who hesitates is last.
                                
                                A man's house is his hassle.
                                
                                A chicken is an egg's way of producing more 
                                eggs.
                                
                                Charlie was a chemist, but Charlie is no more.
                                 What Charlie thought was H2O was H2SO4.
                                
                                Reality is for people who can't face science 
                                fiction.
                                
                                Shift to the left, shift to the right, mask in,
                                mask out,
                                BYTE, BYTE, BYTE !!!
                                                                
(If I wiggle Handel, will it wiggle Bach?)
      
Constants aren't;  variables don't.

You ain't learning nothing when you're talking.

Chemistry professors never die, they just fail to react.

Radioactive cats have 18 half-lives.

Depart in pieces.... i.e., Split.

Where there's a will, there's an inheritance tax.

Computer programmers never die, they just get lost in the processing.

On a clear disk you can seek forever.
      
Programming Department:  Mistakes made while you wait.

Entropy isn't what it used to be.

Neuroses are red,
      Melancholia's blue.
I'm schizophrenic,
      What are you?

Keep your mouth shut and people will think you stupid;
   Open it and you remove all doubt.

Grass is nature's way of saying "High!"

Acid consumes 47 times its weight in excess reality.

Money is the root of all wealth.

Disco is to music what Etch-A-Sketch is to art.

Remember, the fact that you're paranoid
      doesn't mean they're NOT out to get you!

Teamwork is vital!
  (It gives you someone to blame.)

Chemists really know their bismuth.

If everything is coming your way,
   you're in the wrong lane!

The expert is a person who avoids the small errors as he
   sweeps on to the grand fallacy.

Documentation is the castor oil of programming ...
   Managers know it must be good because the programmers
   hate it so much.

The human mind ordinarily operates at only ten percent of its
   capacity - the rest is overhead for the operating system.

The bearing of a child takes nine months,
   no matter how many women are assigned to the project.

The generation of random numbers is too important to be left to chance.

Eschew Obfuscation!

Are movies about Vulcans Pathe-logical?

Recursive, adj.; see Recursive

An expert is someone from out of town.

Meekness is uncommon patience in planning a worthwhile revenge.

Poverty begins at home.

Do it today,
 Tomorrow it will be illegal.

Postmen never die,
   they just lose their zip.

Rubber bands have snappy endings!

COBOL programs are an exercise in Artificial Inelegance.
      
An idle mind is worth two in the bush.

It's hard to be humble when you're perfect.

A hangover is the wrath of grapes.

Whom computers would destroy,
   they must first drive insane.

Anyone who cannot cope with mathematics is not fully human.

Clones are people two.

God did not create the world in seven days.
    He partied for six and then pulled an all-nighter.

We all like praise, but a hike in our pay is the best kind of ways.

Going the speed of light is bad for your age.

White dwarf seeks red giant for binary relationship.

Time is just nature's way of keeping everything from happening at once.

There's no future in time travel.

Cloning is the sincerest form of flattery.

Jealousy is all the fun you think they have.

Confucious say too damn much!

Reality does not exist - yet.

Sentient plasmoids are a gas.

Never hit a man with glasses; hit him with your fist.

Never leave anything to chance;
      make sure all your crimes are premeditated.

Small programs are for small minds.
                                                                                       
Money is the root of all evil, and man needs roots.
                                                                                       
The best things in life are for a fee.
                                                                                       
Carpenters are just plane folks.
                                                                                       
Midwest farmers are just plain folks.
                                                                                                                      
Musicians are just playin' folks.
      Whodunit readers are just Spillaine folks.
  Some Londoners are just P. Lane folks.

You can fool some of the people all of the time,
     and all of the people some of the time,
     but you can make a fool of yourself anytime.

Let us remember that ours is a nation of lawyers and order.

Laugh and the world thinks you're an idiot.

Be alert,  America needs more lerts.

Joseph Stalin's grave was a Communist Plot.

No amount of careful planning will ever replace dumb luck.

Winning isn't everything, but then losing is nothing.

Engineers do it precisely. Technicians do it a lot.

Computer Engineers do it bit by bit.

If I want your opinion, I'll ask you to fill out the necessary form.

To every rule there is an exception, and vice versa.

Remember, the paper is always strongest at the perforations.

A closed mouth gathers no feet.

Smile! It makes people wonder what you've been up to.

Smile! Things can only get worse.

After all is said and done, usually more is said than done.

All requests for sick leave must be approved two weeks in advance.

There are two kinds of people in this world:
     Those that want to BE something,
     and those that want to DO something.
     (There is less competition in the second category.)

Give a woman an inch  and she'll park a car in it.

Give a speculator an inch  and he'll build a condo.